I believe in my brother.
He must have been wronged
today
If he could tell what happened
I believe in the souls of my parents in heaven, you will watch
Repeat what you said before
Do you know regret?
I can't lie.
But isn't it okay to be wronged?
Dare to swallow bad breath and toothpaste
Enough is enough. Are you still acting?
The more I do, the more I trust my godmother
Let this go today
I'll pretend there's no penalty, ma'am.
He's talking nonsense.
What's up?
Leave him alone.
I'm not going
I dare not go!
He'll kill me if I go out this door
Let's go
I'm responsible for any problems.
If you dare to touch me today
I will never forgive you
For the baby in the belly
You accumulate some virtue
early morning
Here we go.